welcome to select this course, computational physics

i am tutor. email, room 418, you could send email, go to my office (be there most time)

course website is (still under construction)

almost every thing (lecture note, lecture PPT, tutorials code, presentation code, etc.), detail later.

this is the website, notific, assignments info, tutorials times (additional)
course not, course info, folder structure (tutorials materials)


session time slot (additional)
bring your computer to class every tutorials session
how many of you take your computer

programming language advice as course tutor
in one sentence: octave is totally enough for this course requirements
in detail:
  octave (free) is almost compatible with MATLAB (commercial, 55 USD for student use)
  MATLAB is more convenient and has a larger community
  I will use MATLAB for presentation, but I guarantee that all codes used in presentation could also run in octave
personal advice: do not waste too much time on octave. When you encounter octave programming bug, it's not easy to fix it due to a small community.

course introduction (as stated in website)


octave installation instruction

homework detail will release at next session:
  in what forms
  assignments for


website introduction
1. how to view / download

do not be afraid of programming, just like how you use your first calculator, press buttom 1 + 1 and click =, this is same in programming. typing the code as you think what it should be, if error, read the error information, it will tell you how to fix it.

take home message
0. give me your email, type on the PC: name, email, send you course website links via email
1. bring PC to class every tutorials session
2. set up octave or MATLAB before next tutorials session
3. remember to take additional tutorials sessions
4. check website notification frequently
5. enjoy material on the website
6. remember to add tags for the assignments


matlab introduction

help
doc

clc
clear

use mlx go through octave step by step

programming conception
variables: 
control flow
script files

example
prime number
value of pi
  Liu Hui's method
  Buffon's needle method
  series expansion
